Prep version 2.0.0a3 (#4290)
sqlfluff/sqlfluff: CHANGELOG.md

-->
<!--Start Of Releases (DO NOT DELETE THIS LINE)-->

## [2.0.0a3] - 2023-01-16

> NOTE: This is an alpha release for testing purposes. There are several new features
> here, and breaking changes to configuration. We welcome testing feedback from the
> community, but know that this release may feel less polished than usual.

## Highlights

This is the third alpha release for 2.0.0. It contains primarily bugfixes from 2.0.0a2

> to allow continued testing. In particular, some of the changes to the dbt templater
> have been reversed due to several issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to allow continued testing. In particular, some of the recent 2.0-related changes to the dbt templater
have been reverted, primarily due to performance and other issues. If those issues can be resolved,
the changes will be re-introduced. The long-term goal of this work is to ease maintenance of the
templater by separating dbt integration concerns from SQLFluff concerns.
```

-->
<!--Start Of Releases (DO NOT DELETE THIS LINE)-->

## [2.0.0a3] - 2023-01-16

> NOTE: This is an alpha release for testing purposes. There are several new features
> here, and breaking changes to configuration. We welcome testing feedback from the
> community, but know that this release may feel less polished than usual.

## Highlights

> This is the third alpha release for 2.0.0. It contains primarily bugfixes from 2.0.0a2
> to allow continued testing. In particular, some of the recent 2.0-related changes to the dbt templater
> have been reverted, primarily due to performance and other issues. If those issues can be resolved,
> the changes will be re-introduced. The long-term goal of this work is to ease maintenance of the
> templater by separating dbt integration concerns from SQLFluff concerns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the third alpha release for 2.0.0. It contains primarily bugfixes from 2.0.0a2
to allow continued testing. In particular, some of the recent 2.0-related changes to the
dbt templater have been reverted, primarily due to performance and other issues. If
those issues can be resolved, the changes will be re-introduced. The long-term goal of
this work is to ease maintenance of the templater by separating dbt integration concerns
from SQLFluff concerns.
```
